# Course Project

This repository stores scripts and files about the course project for the Practical Machine Learning course in the Data Science Specialization offered by JHU on Coursera. Additional details about the project and the data involved can be found in the Markdown file [MLProject.md](MLProject.md).

The instructions for the project read: 

*One thing that people regularly do is quantify how  much of a particular activity they do, but they rarely quantify how well they do it. In this project, your goal will be to use data from accelerometers on the belt, forearm, arm, and dumbell of 6 participants.*

*The goal of your project is to predict the manner in which they did the exercise. This is the "classe" variable in the training set. You may use any of the other variables to predict with. You should create a report describing how you built your model, how you used cross validation, what you think the expected out of sample error is, and why you made the choices you did. You will also use your prediction model to predict 20 different test cases.*

<h1 id=content>Content of the repository</h1>

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>File Name</th>
    <th>Decription</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>README.md</td>
    <td>Documentation explaining the files contained in the repository.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>MLProject.Rmd</td>
    <td>The R Markdown file containing the literate program.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>MLProject.md</td>
    <td>The Markdown file generated by knitting the R Markdown file.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>MLProject.html</td>
    <td>The HTML file generated by knitting the R Markdown file.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>MLProject_PDF.Rmd</td>
    <td>The R Markdown file containing the literate program to produce the final PDF file.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>MLProject_PDF.md</td>
    <td>The Markdown file generated by knitting the R Markdown file.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>MLProject_PDF.pdf</td>
    <td>The PDF file generated by knitting the R Markdown file.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>MLProject_files</td>
    <td>The folder containing the plots.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>MLProject_PDF_files</td>
    <td>The folder containing the plots for the PDF.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>MLProject_cache</td>
    <td>The folder containing the chached computations.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>MLProject_PDF_cache</td>
    <td>The folder containing the chached computations for the PDF file.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
